1.(a).
The type of operating system suitable for this environment is multiuser operating system as multiple students executes the program simultaneously in a shared linux server.
1.(b).
Some of the responsibilities of the kernel in managing multiple user processes are:
Process Scheduling and Process Synchronization
1(c).
To create a child process and display child process and parent process:
pseudo code:
step1:Use header file <stdio.h> and <unistd.h>.
(<unistd.h> is a header file in c used with system calls such as fork(), getpid(),etc.
step2:use datatype pid_t to create a child process.
step3:define pid=fork();(fork() helps to create child process)
step4:print child process.
step5:print child processid and parent process id using getpid(),getppid().(getpid and getppid is udes to diplay the child process id and parent process id)
step6:return 0 to end the program;

2.(a).
system calls required for file creation,writing,reading and closing are: 
creat() – To Create a file
write() – To Write data to the file
read() – To Read data from the file
close() – To Close the file
2.(b).
Purpose of any two system calls
open() – Opens an existing file or creates a new file.
write() – Writes data from memory into the file.
2.(c).
to create a file, write a student name, and close the file.
Pseudocode:
Step1:Use the header files <stdio.h>, <fcntl.h>, and <unistd.h>.
(<fcntl.h> is a header file in C used with system calls like open(), fcntl(), and creat())
Step 2: Declare an integer variable fd to store the file descriptor.
Step 3: Create a file using fd = creat("student.txt", 0644); (creat() is used to create a new file.)
Step 4: Write the student name into the file using write(fd, "John", 4); (write() is used to write data into the file.)
Step 5: Close the file using close(fd); (close() is used to close the file after completing the operation.)
Step 6: return 0 to end the program.

3.(a).
System calls required to copy the contents of one file to another
open() – Open the source file.
creat() or open() – Create/Open the destination file.
read() – Read data from the source file.
write() – Write data to the destination file.
close() – Close both files.
3.(b).
Purpose of any two system calls
1. read()-Reads data from the source file.
2. write()-Writes the data copied from source file into the destination file.
3.(c).
To copy the contents of one file to another:
Pseudo-code
Step 1: Use header files <stdio.h>, <unistd.h>, and <fcntl.h>.
Step 2: Open the source file using open().
Step 3: Create/Open the destination file using creat() (or open()).
Step 4: Read data from the source file using read().
Step 5: Write the data to the destination file using write().
Step 6: Repeat Steps 4 and 5 until the end of the source file is reached.
Step 7: Close both files using close().

4.(a).
The purpose of the fork() and exec() system call:
fork()-This system call helps in the creation of the new child process.
exec() – This system call is used to execute a new program by replacing the current process with the specified program.
4.(b).
The role of wait() system call:
The wait() system call ensures that the parent process waits untill the child process completes its execution and continues only after the children process is completed.  
4.(c).
To Write a system call sequence using fork(), exec(), and wait().
The three system call sequence can be seen when a child process is replaced by new program
(As first we have to create a child process using fork() first) 
(Then by using exec() we can replace the child process with new program )
(And we can use wait() simultaneously as to make parent process wait till the child process execution)  

5.(a).
The importance of file management in an operating system.
File management helps to create, store, retrieve, update, and delete files.
It organizes files and provides secure access to data.
5.(b).
The purpose of the open() and close() system calls:
open()-Opens an existing file or creates a file.
close()-Closes the opened file.
5.(c).
To write a c code to open a file, read its contents, and close it.

C code:

#include <unistd.h>
#include <fcntl.h>
int main() {
    char buffer[100];(A buffer is simply a temporary storage area.)
    int fd = open("student.txt", O_RDONLY);(O_RDONLY is about readonly acces for student.txt file)
    read(fd, buffer, 100);(fd=file description,array,limit)
    close(fd);(closing the file description)
    return 0;
}
